docs: adds `usePayloadAPI` hook to React Hooks documentation (#11079)
payloadcms/payload: docs/admin/hooks.mdx

  return null
}
```

## usePayloadAPI

> The `usePayloadAPI` hook is a powerful tool for making API requests to your Payload instance and handling responses reactively. It allows you to fetch and interact with data while automatically updating when parameters change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `usePayloadAPI` hook is a useful tool for making REST API requests to your Payload instance and handling responses reactively. It allows you to fetch and interact with data while automatically updating when parameters change.
```

This hook returns an array with two elements:

1. An object containing the API response.
2. A set of methods to modify request parameters.

**Example:**

```tsx
'use client'
import { usePayloadAPI } from '@payloadcms/ui'

const MyComponent: React.FC = () => {
  // Fetch data from a collection item using its ID
  const [{ data, error, isLoading }, { setParams }] = usePayloadAPI(
    '/api/posts/123',
    { initialParams: { depth: 1 } }
  )

  if (isLoading) return <p>Loading...</p>
  if (error) return <p>Error: {error.message}</p>

  return (
    <div>
      <h1>{data?.title}</h1>
      <button onClick={() => setParams({ cacheBust: Date.now() })}>
        Refresh Data
      </button>
    </div>
  )
}
```

**Arguments:**

| Property      | Description                                                                                     |
| ------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **`url`**     | The API endpoint to fetch data from. Relative URLs will be prefixed with the Payload API route. |
| **`options`** | An object containing initial request parameters. Supports `initialParams`.                      |

> **Returned Object:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Return Value:**
```

The first item in the returned array is an object containing the following properties:

| Property        | Description                                              |
| --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| **`data`**      | The API response data.                                   |
| **`error`**     | If an error occurs, this contains the error object.      |
| **`isLoading`** | A boolean indicating whether the request is in progress. |

The second item is an object with the following methods:

| Property        | Description                                                 |
| --------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------- |
| **`setParams`** | Updates request parameters, triggering a refetch if needed. |

#### Updating Data

The `setParams` function can be used to update the request and trigger a refetch:

```tsx
setParams({ depth: 2 })
```

> This is useful for scenarios where you need to refresh data dynamically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is useful for scenarios where you need to trigger another fetch regardless of the `url` argument changing.
```
